osmanozdemir1

high

# `removeCollateral` might cause a bucket to bankrupt but not update bankruptcy time, which might cause unexpected behavior and loss of funds

## Summary
Bucket bankruptcy is not declared even though the bucket has zeroed out in the `removeCollateral`, and bankruptcy time is not updated. This might cause some transactions not to revert when they should revert. It might also cause previous depositors to gain an advantage, and new depositors to lose some of their LP shares when the bucket becomes solvent again. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Bankruptcy logic takes an important role in this protocol and it helps to get info about buckets. The **bankruptcy time** of a bucket is widely used throughout the protocol, especially when calculating the LPs. It is also used to prevent adding/moving collateral or quote token in the same block when the bucket becomes insolvent.

If a bucket doesn't have collateral and deposit but has LPs after a transaction, it is considered insolvent and the remaining LPs are forfeited. As a result of this `bucket.lps` will be assigned to zero and `bucket.bankruptcyTime` will be updated. At this stage, all three of the `bucketCollateral`, `bucketDeposit` and `bucketLP` will be zeroed out in that bucket, and `bucket.bankruptcyTime` will be the `block.timestamp`. But, this is not the case in the `removeCollateral` method if everything is zeroed out.

The `removeCollateral` function in the `LenderActions.sol` library [has a logic](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LenderActions.sol#L504-L510) that checks if the bucket collateral is going to be cleared or not.

```solidity
// File: LenderActions.sol

504.  // If clearing out the bucket collateral, ensure it's zeroed out
505.  if (bucketLP == 0 && bucketDeposit == 0) {
506.       amount_ = bucketCollateral;
507.  }

509.  bucketCollateral  -= amount_;
510.  bucket.collateral = bucketCollateral;
```

If this check is true, `amount_` will be assigned `bucketCollateral`. This will result `bucketCollateral -= amount_` to be equal to 0, and `bucket.collateral` will also be 0 in lines 509 and 510.

Right after that the bankruptcy [check will be performed in line 513](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LenderActions.sol#L512-L525) and below.

```solidity
// File: LenderActions.sol   
         // check if bucket healthy after collateral remove - set bankruptcy if collateral and deposit are 0 but there's still LP
513.     if (bucketCollateral == 0 && bucketDeposit == 0 && bucketLP != 0) {
514.         bucket.lps            = 0;
515.         bucket.bankruptcyTime = block.timestamp;
516.
517.         emit BucketBankruptcy(
518.             index_,
519.             bucketLP
520.         );
521.     } else {
522.         // update lender and bucket LP balances
523.         lender.lps -= lpAmount_;
524.         bucket.lps = bucketLP;
525.     }
```

Because everything is zeroed out and `bucketLP == 0`, this check will fail and bucket bankruptcy time will not be updated. The bucket is insolvent, and the current stage of the bucket is exactly the same as a bankrupt bucket with one exception, `bucket.bankruptyTime`.

## Impact
Not updating bucket bankruptcy time in a zeroed-out bucket might cause multiple issues.  
First of all, [addQuoteToken](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LenderActions.sol#L164) and [moveQuoteToken](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LenderActions.sol#L258) methods in the `LenderActions.sol library`, and [addCollateral](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/internal/Buckets.sol#L48) method in the `Buckets.sol` library should revert if they are called in the same block when the bucket becomes insolvent. These methods will not revert and users might interact with a bucket just at the same time when the bucket becomes insolvent.

More importantly, bucket bankruptcy time is used widely in this protocol to calculate the LPs of each user. The LPs gained from the deposits before the bankruptcy are considered forfeited and start from zero for future deposits. But because the bankruptcy time is not updated, users might gain an advantage from the previous deposits to a bankrupt bucket. This will cause new depositors to lose some portion of their LPs when the bucket becomes solvent again.

For example, the latter can happen with the `moveLiquidity` method in the `PositionManager.sol` contract. Users can move their liquidity from one bucket index to another one. Someone can increase their LPs even if the bucket becomes insolvent after their deposit.

```solidity
//File: PositionManager.sol    
373.    // reset LP in TO memorialized position if bucket went bankrupt after memorialization
374.    if (_bucketBankruptAfterDeposit(IPool(pool_), toIndex_, vars.toDepositTime)) {
375.        toPosition.lps = vars.lpbAmountTo;
376.    } else {
377.        toPosition.lps += vars.lpbAmountTo;
378.    }
```

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LenderActions.sol#L504-L510

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LenderActions.sol#L512-L525

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/PositionManager.sol#L373-L378

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/PositionManager.sol#L518-L526

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I would recommend declaring bucket bankruptcy if the collateral and deposit are 0, without checking if the bucket has LPs left or not. 
