Chinmay

high

# KickerActions uses wrong check to prevent Kickers from using deposits below LUP for KIckWithDeposit

## Summary
The ```kickWithDeposit``` function in ```KickerActions``` has a check to prevent users having deposits below the LUP to use those deposits for kicking loans, but this check is implemented incorrectly.

## Vulnerability Detail
The mentioned check evaluates if the ```bucketPrice``` used by the kicker is below the LUP. But the problem here is that the LUP used in this check is the new LUP that is calculated after incorporating the removal of the deposit itself and the debt changes. Thus, this check can be easily bypassed because the new LUP is bound to move lower and thus may cross past the ```bucketPrice``` used.

Consider a situation :
1. The kicker has deposits in a bucketPrice below LUP
2. Now he calls kickWithDeposit using this deposit
3. The new LUP is calculated after removing this deposit and adding the debt changes for kickPenalty etc. 
4. This will make the LUP decrease and thus now LUP < bucketPrice that the user input

This way this check can be bypassed. According to the developers, the check was in place to prevent kickers from using deposits below the LUP to kick loans but this is not fulfilled.


## Impact
This breaks protocol functionality because now anyone can deposit below LUP and use that to kick valid user loans. The ```kickWithDeposit``` function was only made to help depositors get their deposits back if some loans are blocking the withdrawl due to the LUP movement. But the current implementation allows anyone to kick those loans that were originally not eligible for liquidation. 

This is a high severity issue because it griefs users off their funds by liquidating them, even when they were not eligible for liquidation.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/e2439305cc093204a0d927aac19d898f4a0edb3d/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/KickerActions.sol#L216
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Refactor the code and move this check to the top of the kickWithDeposit function logic. 