osmanozdemir1

high

# Anyone who has allowance can transfer LPs even if they are not approved transferors.

## Summary
`transferLP` method in the `LPActions.sol` library checks if the new owner is `msg.sender` and if they are approved transferors, but anyone can approve themselves as a transferor and pass the checks.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `transferLP` method in the `LPActions.sol` library takes 6 parameters where three of which are storage variables of the pool and the other three are `ownerAddress_`, `newOwnerAddress_` and `indexes_`. The method checks the given parameters with this statement:

```solidity
// revert if msg.sender is not the new owner and is not approved as a transferor by the new owner
if (newOwnerAddress_ != msg.sender && !approvedTransferors_[newOwnerAddress_][msg.sender]) revert TransferorNotApproved();
```

The method expects the `newOwnerAddress` is the `msg.sender` and this method should be called by the new owner. If this statement is true, the method also expects `approvedTransferors_[newOwnerAddress_][msg.sender]` to be true too. Otherwise, it will revert.  
If the new owner is `msg.sender`, this means that the second check is actually `approvedTransferors_[msg.sender][msg.sender]`. So, anyone can approve themselves as a transferor, call this function by inputting their address as the new owner and pass both of these checks.

The intention is to check if the `msg.sender` is approved as a transferor by the owner of the LPs, and revert if not approved. It should be `approvedTransferors_[ownerAddress][msg.sender]` or `approvedTransferors_[ownerAddress][newOwnerAddress_]`

I acknowledge that there is another check in the method to get the allowance amount. If someone has an allowance but is not approved as a transferor, that person can transfer the LPs even if they are not approved.

## Impact
Anyone can approve themselves as an approved transferor, initiate the `transferLP` function by passing their own address as the new owner, and pass the checks.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LPActions.sol#L217-L218

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LPActions.sol#L156-L162

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend changing this `!approvedTransferors_[newOwnerAddress_][msg.sender]` to this: `!approvedTransferors_[ownerAddress][msg.sender]`
