Bauchibred

medium

# Lack of Frontrun Protection in the `updateBucketExchangeRatesAndClaim` Function Could Disadvantage Honest Users

## Summary

The function `updateBucketExchangeRatesAndClaim` within the Ajna protocol currently incentivizes users to update bucket exchange rates by rewarding the first participant to do so after each burn event. However, due to its first-come-first-serve nature, it is exposed to a type of frontrunning attack known as Miner Extractable Value (MEV) attacks. This scenario may allow well-resourced actors or bots to exploit the reward system, capturing the majority of rewards unfairly, and thus demotivating honest users from actively contributing to the system.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `updateBucketExchangeRatesAndClaim` function permits any actor to update the bucket exchange rates and consequently claim a reward if eligible. As the reward distribution is based on a first-come-first-serve mechanism, it is highly susceptible to MEV bots.

MEV bots are capable of monitoring the pending transactions pool (mempool) and identifying transactions that call the `updateBucketExchangeRatesAndClaim` function. Upon detection, the bot can initiate a similar transaction but with a higher gas price. This tactic ensures that the bot's transaction is mined before the original transaction, allowing it to claim the reward first.

This issue is exacerbated in scenarios where non-tech-savvy users manually track the need for bucket updates. These users put effort into maintaining the system but are constantly outperformed by MEV bots, leading to a discouraging experience.

## Impact

This vulnerability can result in a disproportionate concentration of rewards within a group of well-resourced actors, undermining the decentralization and fairness of the reward mechanism. It may cause a decrease in system maintenance participation and potentially damage the overall health and functioning of the system.

## Code Snippet

[Here is the function vulnerable to the MEV attack:](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/RewardsManager.sol#L241-L261)

```solidity
function updateBucketExchangeRatesAndClaim(
    address pool_,
    bytes32 subsetHash_,
    uint256[] calldata indexes_
) external override returns (uint256 updateReward) {
    // revert if trying to update exchange rates for a non Ajna pool
    if (!positionManager.isAjnaPool(pool_, subsetHash_)) revert NotAjnaPool();

    updateReward = _updateBucketExchangeRates(pool_, indexes_);

    // transfer bucket update rewards to sender even if there's not enough balance for entire amount
    _transferAjnaRewards({
        transferAmount_: updateReward,
        minAmount_:      0
    });
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce a mechanism of unpredictability to the reward distribution, making it less attractive to MEV attacks, this would help protect the `updateBucketExchangeRatesAndClaim` function from MEV attacks and ensure a fairer reward distribution for users who contribute to maintaining the system's state.
